Add XFail support (#170)
tarantool/luatest: README.rst

| ``fail_if (condition, message)``                                   | Stops a test due to a failure if condition    |
|                                                                    | is met.                                       |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

> | ``xfail (message)``                                                | Mark test as xfail.                           |
> +--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
> | ``xfail_if (condition, message)``                                  | Mark test as xfail if condition is met.       |
> +--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| ``xfail (message)``                                                | Mark test as :ref:`XFail`.                    |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
| ``xfail_if (condition, message)``                                  | Mark test as :ref:`XFail` if condition is met.|
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+
```

| ``group (name)``                                                   | Create group of tests.                        |
+--------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------+

> .. _xfail
> 
> ---------------------------------
> XFail
> ---------------------------------
> 
> Test can be marked as xfail. Xfail test will always run and report on fail but
> it won't be counted as such. It will be treated as failed when succeeded though.
> 
> .. code-block:: Lua
> 
>     local g = t.group()
> 
>     g.test_fail = function()
>         t.xfail('Must fail no matter what')
>         t.assert_equals(3, 4)
>     end
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. _XFail

---------------------------------
XFail
---------------------------------

The ``xfail`` mark makes test results to be interpreted vice versa: it's
threated as passed when an assertion fails, and it fails if no errors are
raised. It allows one to mark a test as temporarily broken due to a bug in some
other component which can't be fixed immediately. It's also a good practice to
keep xfail tests in sync with an issue tracker.

.. code-block:: Lua

    local g = t.group()

    g.test_fail = function()
        t.xfail('Must fail no matter what')
        t.assert_equals(3, 4)
    end

XFail only applies to the errors raised by the luatest assertions. Regular Lua
errors still cause the test failure.

```
